# Automation Test

In order to provide a clear path of what were made I have created this folder to make things easyest to find :)

### **TODO** <p>
- [x]  **Product Crawler** <p>
  #### **OVERVIEW** <br>
  I was looking for a 'ready to use' list on the internet but I didn't find any good data to incorporate to my project so, why not use Dafiti's data ? <p>
  #### **FUNCTIONALITY** <br>
  The crawler will run throught all pages of mens shoes section looking for photos and their links, prices and of course, each product name.<p>
  These list of items is saved on `~/Downloads` directory of machine for be send to our data base later. Considering the simplicity of the code I decided to create a simple procedure with no use of POO.<p>
  The code contains also a `uuid` to create the id of our products making them unique into our DB.<p>
- [x] **Databases** <p>
  
  I decided to use a mysql available in a (very cool!) free service called [Helioshost](https://www.heliohost.org/). I've been using their services to make tests and play around with webapps, arduinos and so on. <p>
  Our data base have 420 items crawled from mens shoes session of Dafiti's website :) <p>
  *PS: I was unable to use pgsql due to delay of Heliohost's staff in enabling may remote access on pg_hba. So i've decided to proceed with MySQL* <p><p>
  **DATABASE INFOS** <p>
  username: danilop_dafiti </br>
  password: UiXTk+E[dh#J </br>
  database: danilop_dafitiAPI </br>
  hostname: tommy.heliohost.org
  <p><p>
* The database columns are: </br>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;- `id` - uuid generated by Python inside the crawler proccess.</br>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;- `product` - our products names<br>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;- `photo_src` - the source of image to be loaded in our grid</br>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;- `price` - product's prices<p></br>
  *NOTE* - For some reason I didn't find the option of add and uuid column for `id` so I've create a varchar instead.

- [X] **Django API** <p>
  The API was made with very basic complexity considering the final goal of load into the front end.</br>
  We will have only the `GET` option for this API in order to provide all data from our database. 

- [X] **Django Front End** <p>
  I created a responsive layout that loads all API data and parse into a loop filling the product template and It's respective CSS. 




  
