

# Django Clothing Manager Project

It's based on Django 2.2.4 and Python 3.6

Actually this project uses [TOX](https://tox.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) to manage following tools:

- pytest
- coverage
- pylint
- pycodestyle
- Django
- mysql

### Prerequisites

All current data sources are written in python.
- Linux environment
- Python 3+
- Docker

## Introduction

The purpose of this software is to manage the complete clothing CRUD (create, read, update and delete).
There are basicallyy three entities, color, promotional campaign and clothes. To register a new clothes in the system it is mandatory to inform name, base price, color, genre and collection. Already to register color is necessary name and hexadecimal code and to register a promotional campaign is necessary to inform name and percentage discount. For more informations access the swagger.

### Business Rules

#### Final Price

The final price of the clothes is generated by fields: release and promotional campaign. If that clothes is attached to a promotional campaign, then final price is base price plus promotional discount from campaign. And if that clothes is a release, then the base price is increased by 30%.

#### CSV files to bulk registration of clothes

Due to some fields are float numeric, the delimiter is **semicolon (;)**.

## Getting Started

### Prepare dependencies

You should have Python (3.6 version), pip, docker, docker-compose and tox installed on your development machine.

### Start application (wtih docker-compose)

1. Run app

```bash
docker-compose build
docker-compose up
```

### Start application (local)

2. Run tox to scanner all code with pylint e pycodestyle and test with pytest, then to start application:

```bash
tox -e integration
```

3. Run tests and quality suits to make sure all dependencies are satisfied and applications works correctly before making changes.

```bash
tox
```

4. Also is possible to install all project dependencies and run in project root the migrations:

```bash
pip3 install -r requirements.txt
```

```bash
python3 manage.py makemigrations
```

then run:

```bash
python3 manage.py migrate
```

then finally start application:
```bash
python3 manage.py runserver 0.0.0.0:8000
```

### Swagger

Documentation of api is at **http://0.0.0.0:8000/api/v1/swagger**

## Deployment

TODO: deploy scripts

## Authors

Project developed by Arthur Alves Barbosa Junior.

## TODOS

The mapping of the issues can be viewed [here](https://github.com/arthur-barbosa18/automation-team-store-challenge/projects/1).
But some issues were not completed:

1. Update the swagger with route to register several clothes at the same time from a csv

2. Configurate sonarqube

3. Create module for constants of errors